elephants are in immediate danger they
must drink almost daily driven on by
thirst they march hundreds of miles
across the parched Plains
[Music]
relying on memory the matriarchs lead
their families to those special water
holes that save them in previous years
this one still has water but they must
share what remains with desperately
thirst animals of all kinds these are
tense times
[Music]
the elephant's dominate the waterhole
but as night falls the balance of power
will shift thirsty herds continue to
arrive throughout the night it's a
cooler time to travel
in the darkness the tables turn the
elephant's night vision is little better
than our own but lions have much more
sensitive eyes
[Music]
the cats are hungry and the elephants
are seemed to sense it
[Music]
Lions don't usually hunt elephants but
desperate times require desperate
measures
this herd contains cars easier targets
[Music]
but how to reach them
the adults encircle their yard
it's an impenetrable wall of gray
[Music]
a few exhausted stragglers are still
arriving one of them is alone
[Music]
but it's too big for the monster
this one looks a little smaller
a solitary lion stands no chance but the
whole pride is here there are 30 of them
and their specialist elephant hunters
[Music]
this elephant will feed the whole pride
for at least a week
elephants know these drinking holes are
dangerous but they have no choice the
dramas that play out here are a savage
reminder of how important water is for
all life on these Plains